docs: remove duplicated sections from README (#3227)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: README.md

by retrieving the current status of the WorkloadInstance.
Only when that is successful is the pod bound to a node.

## Install a dev build
## Contributing

The [GitHub CLI](https://cli.github.com/) can be used to download the manifests of the latest CI build.

```bash
gh run list --repo keptn/lifecycle-toolkit # find the id of a run
gh run download 3152895000 --repo keptn/lifecycle-toolkit # download the artifacts
kubectl apply -f ./keptn-lifecycle-operator-manifest/release.yaml # install the lifecycle-operator
kubectl apply -f ./scheduler-manifest/release.yaml # install the scheduler
```

Instead, if you want to build and deploy the operator into your cluster
directly from the code, you can type:

```bash
RELEASE_REGISTRY=<YOUR_DOCKER_REGISTRY>
# (optional)ARCH=<amd64(default)|arm64v8>

> # (optional)CHART_APPVERSION=<YOUR_PREFERRED_TAG (defaulting to current time)>

Reviewer: pls add this info to the docs page on how to run local builds in the [contrib guide](https://keptn.sh/stable/docs/contribute/software/dev-environ/#first-steps).

Reviewer: @odubajDT with this i meant that some info about the `ARCH` and `CHART_APPVERSION` args is missing at the link i provided 😄

> refer to the [Contributing guide](https://keptn.sh/stable/docs/contribute/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to the [Contribution guide](https://keptn.sh/stable/docs/contribute/)
```

by retrieving the current status of the WorkloadInstance.
Only when that is successful is the pod bound to a node.

## Contributing

For more information about contributing to Keptn, please
refer to the [Contribution guide](https://keptn.sh/stable/docs/contribute/)
section of the documentation.

> To be able to setup your local Keptn development environment, please follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up your local Keptn development environment, please follow
```
